we do for dinner why don't you just stay
in and cook for ourselves the stalker
yes
hitting over the frying pan is a good
idea we might want have a back-up plan
though just in case she isn't a cartoon
let's get out of here the one time
they're not home okay we'll just leave
when we pass her on the stairs she won't
know it's me cuz we never been that's
how radio stars escape stalkers she's
coming
it's me this is it this is how we're
gonna die
very good
you're the only one who can save her
Drake damn it
I'm a doctor I'm not God well there goes
my whole belief system oh my god I get
Leslie out of the coma and then we make
out well how can that be you were just
kissing Sabrina Rachel it's a world
where Joey is a neurosurgeon hey Erica
woman how did you get here so fast I
just saw you in Salem right they uh they
choppered me in having a little party
too is she here huh huh
Oh Sabrina I know about you too I saw
you today kissing in the doctors lounge
what do you think that was do you told
me I was the only one
all right look that's it I don't think
we should see each other anymore all
right look I know I should have told you
this a long time ago but I am NOT Drake
Remora okay I'm not even a doctor I'm an
actor I just pretend to be a doctor oh
my god
do the people at the hospital know about
this somebody want to help me out here
where am I University Hospital the same
place you've been for the last 18 years
how can you be here and there because
it's a television show Drake what are
you getting at
I'm not Drake that's right he's not
Drake he's puns were more a Drake's evil
twin
is this true yes yes it is true and I
know this because because he pretended
to be Drake to sleep with me
and then he told me he would run away
with me and he did it and you left the
toilet seat up you bastard
is all this true yes I'm afraid it is
you deserve much better than me Erika
you deserve to be with the real Drake
he's the one you fell in love with go to
Salem find him he's the guy for you Oh
Hans Hans you know evil twin goodbye
Erika good luck in Salem take care I'll
never forget you Hans
all right the people who threw the water